---
title: My first
author: jared
layout: post
permalink: /general/my-first
categories:
  - General
---
I made my first submission to an open source project! (Well, I attached the patch to Novell&#8217;s bugzilla where I had filled the bug.)

My laptop does not report back the rate the battery is being depleted correctly. The Gnome-Applet, Battery Charge Monitor, reports in a mouse over that the time remaining is unknown. However, when the low battery warning comes up, it says that there are -1 minutes of battery remaining.

Here is how B-C-M does its calculations

From acpi-linux.c

> 407&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;remain += read_long (hash, &#8220;remaining capacity&#8221;);  
> 408&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;rate += read_long (hash, &#8220;present rate&#8221;);  
> 409&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;g\_hash\_table_destroy (hash); 

Line 408 reads the present rate from /proc/acpi/battery/BAT1/state. (BAT1 is my battery.)

The present rate of discharge for my battery is always 0 mA. Which is wrong.

A little farther down in the same file

> 422&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if (rate && !charging)  
> 423&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;apminfo->battery_time = (int) (remain/(float)rate * 60);  
> 424&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;else if (rate && charging)  
> 425&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;apminfo->battery\_time = (int) ((acpiinfo->max\_capacity-remain)/(float)rate * 60);  
> 426&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;else  
> 427&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;apminfo->battery_time = -1;

Since my rate is always 0&#8230;..I fallout at the end: battery_time = -1.

From battstat_applet.c

> 514&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;remaining = g\_strdup\_printf( ngettext(  
> 515&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;You have %d minute of battery power &#8220;  
> 516&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;remaining (%d%% of the total capacity).&#8221;,  
> 517&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;You have %d minutes of battery power &#8220;  
> 518&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;remaining (%d%% of the total capacity).&#8221;,  
> 519&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;info->minutes ),  
> 520&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;info->minutes,info->percent );

The above prints part (The offending part) of the text that prints in the low battery warning. info is the apminfo structure. So info->minutes for me is always -1. How to fix?

A simple if statement around the above:

> 514&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if( info->minutes >= 0 )  
> 515&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;remaining = g\_strdup\_printf( ngettext(  
> 516&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;You have %d minute of battery power &#8220;  
> 517&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;remaining (%d%% of the total capacity).&#8221;,  
> 518&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;You have %d minutes of battery power &#8220;  
> 519&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;remaining (%d%% of the total capacity).&#8221;,  
> 520&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;info->minutes ),  
> 521&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;info->minutes,info->percent );  
> 522&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;else  
> 523&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;remaining = g\_strdup\_printf( &#8220;You have unknown minutes of battery power &#8220;  
> 524&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8221;remaining (%d%% of the total capacity).&#8221;,  
> 525&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;info->percent );

Now I get the else&#8230;I am not too sure of the language. But I wanted to keep it similar to what is currently working other places. Now I think I am suppose to submit it to the mailing list&#8230;..?